  Our project is to create a list of the owner-occupied apartment that could be added to the database of housing units that accept affordable vouchers. This project aims to realize racial justice and equality by fighting for affordable housing and homeownership to benefit communities.
  Property Assessment and Boston Affordable Housing Stock Data are the datasets we need to focus on. Those datasets are quantitative types. In this project, we need to analyze data in the dataset, clean them to keep essential variables, and dig out the valuable information we need.
 One limitation is the optimization of the SQL statement. In this project, we will be dealing with a massive amount of data. To handle such a large amount of data, certain SQL actions will be time consuming. Therefore, in order to present and deliver our desired result dataset in a timely manner. We have to optimize the SQL statements that we wrote. Another limitation is the precision of the data,  for geographical and ethical reasons, Landlords may provide inaccurate data. As a result, the dataset we draw may be inaccurate as well. 
  Understand the population distribution of the areas given in the data. Understand the impact of Affordable Housing Programs. Understand the willingness of different economic situations, different regions, different races to spend on housing.Help people in different situations to choose the right house budget.
  Clean data, keep track of necessary local variables and target variables. Pull all residential properties from the parcel database for Boston & Identify which are owner occupied and how many units for each property. Overlay the affordable housing units with overall residential units and remove or identify which are existing affordable housing units.
